okay so you've probably seen my ipad2
embossing at this point and i figured
i'd make this a short separate video a
little bit of a bonus i guess you could
say and this is an unboxing of the Smart
Cover so which color did I get well
you'll have to wait and see to find out
so let's get the tab open on the back
here now I don't really get the big deal
about it but I figured I'd get it anyway
because it seems nifty enough but I'm
still gonna definitely need a new case
so I don't know if I'm actually gonna
end up using this and I got the green
one because I think this is going to
look awesome on the white so the big
deal with this is that there's a ton of
magnets inside of this that just auto
lock onto the ipad I have plastic on
mine so let's see it should Hey look at
that it didn't go on correctly there it
is okay it's not exactly perfect i'm
guessing that may be because of the
plastic i have on it the cover is
interesting because it is a few
different things first off its a stand
so you flip this over a few times and
then you can use it in landscape mode
this way or you can also flip it up
right so can go landscape mode this way
and on the hinges there's little pieces
here so it doesn't scratch the metal
which is really good thinking now on the
bottom here flip side there is micro
linen and this is supposed to clean off
the screen I'll see how all that works
in testing then over here there's a
magnet that connects with another magnet
on the side of the ipad and what it does
is turns off the screen automatically
once that closes down so that's pretty
cool then it'll go all the way along the
back and it stays there pretty good it
does go a little bit over which I'm not
digging right now and it's actually
pretty strong I'm kind of scared to do
this right now I'm going to show you how
strong it is it can hold the weight of
the ipad no problem now this is the
polycarbonate version and it goes from
about 40 bucks I think it seems a little
overpriced for what it actually is and
the leather version I think goes for
about thirty dollars more so this is
definitely sort of a luxury add onto an
already sort of luxury item so I'm not
really sold on it just yet but if you
guys got any questions or comments about
it comment section below
really care sure what you think if you
liked the video hit that like button
please if you really like that you could
be super awesome and add it to your
favorites and if you're not already
subscribed don't forget to hit that
subscribe button above so you can catch
all my other gadget and gaming your
videos so later guys thanks so much for
watching